add docs chat info (#14)
open-edge-platform/.github: profile/README.md

Each repository includes contribution guidelines and templates for reporting issues.

> You can access the platform documentation at the [OEP Documentation Website](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/) and use the [documentatuon AI chat](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/2026.1/index.html?chat) to learn more about all the components. 

Author: ```suggestion
You can access the platform documentation at the [OEP Documentation Website](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/) to learn more about all the components, and use the [documentation AI assistant](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/2026.1/index.html?chat) to ask questions regarding the software.
```
